## Question:

You have a RecentCounter class which counts the number of recent requests within a certain time frame.  

Implement the RecentCounter class:  

RecentCounter() Initializes the counter with zero recent requests.  
int ping(int t) Adds a new request at time t, where t represents some time in milliseconds, and returns the number of requests that has happened in the past 3000 milliseconds (including the new request). Specifically, return the number of requests that have happened in the inclusive range [t - 3000, t].  
It is guaranteed that every call to ping uses a strictly larger value of t than the previous call.  

Example 1:  

Input  
["RecentCounter", "ping", "ping", "ping", "ping"]  
[[], [1], [100], [3001], [3002]]  
Output  
[null, 1, 2, 3, 3]  

Explanation  
RecentCounter recentCounter = new RecentCounter();  
recentCounter.ping(1);     // requests = [1], range is [-2999,1], return 1  
recentCounter.ping(100);   // requests = [1, 100], range is [-2900,100], return 2  
recentCounter.ping(3001);  // requests = [1, 100, 3001], range is [1,3001], return 3  
recentCounter.ping(3002);  // requests = [1, 100, 3001, 3002], range is [2,3002], return 3  
 
Constraints:  

1 <= t <= 109  
Each test case will call ping with strictly increasing values of t.  
At most 104 calls will be made to ping.  

---
## Thought:
We use a queue to do it. This code implements a RecentCounter that tracks the number of recent ping calls within a 3000-millisecond window. It uses a queue to store all incoming timestamps in chronological order. Each time a new ping(t) is received, the timestamp is added to the queue, and then any timestamps that are older than t - 3000 are removed from the front of the queue. The remaining elements in the queue represent the valid pings within the time window, and the method returns the count of these elements.

---
## Solution:
```Java
class RecentCounter {

    private Queue<Integer> queue;
    public RecentCounter() {
        this.queue = new ArrayDeque<>();
    }
    
    public int ping(int t) {
        int left = t - 3000;
        queue.offer(t);
        int size = queue.size();
        for(int i = 0; i < size; i++){
            if(queue.peek() < left) queue.poll();
            else{
                break;
            }
        }
        return queue.size();
    }
}

/**
 * Your RecentCounter object will be instantiated and called as such:
 * RecentCounter obj = new RecentCounter();
 * int param_1 = obj.ping(t);
 */
```
Time complexity: O(n)(n <= 3000)  
Space complexity: O(n)(n <= 3000)
