## Question:

You are given an integer array height of length n. There are n vertical lines drawn such that the two endpoints of the ith line are (i, 0) and (i, height[i]).  

Find two lines that together with the x-axis form a container, such that the container contains the most water.  

Return the maximum amount of water a container can store.  

Notice that you may not slant the container.  

Example 1:  

Input: height = [1,8,6,2,5,4,8,3,7]  
Output: 49  

Explanation: The above vertical lines are represented by array [1,8,6,2,5,4,8,3,7]. In this case, the max area of water (blue section) the container can contain is 49.  

Example 2:  

Input: height = [1,1]  
Output: 1  
 
Constraints:  

n == height.length  
2 <= n <= 105  
0 <= height[i] <= 104  

---
## Thought:
We use two pointers to do it. This Java code defines a maxArea function within a Solution class, designed to solve the problem of finding the maximum area of water that can be trapped between two lines, given an array of integers where each integer represents the height of a line. The solution employs a two-pointer approach, starting with pointers at the beginning (left) and end (right) of the array. The algorithm iteratively calculates the area between the two pointers, updates the maximum area found so far, and then moves the pointer that points to the shorter line. If left is shorter, it moves to the right, looking for a taller line than the current left. If right is shorter, it moves to the left, similarly looking for a taller line. This process continues until the two pointers meet, ensuring that the algorithm checks every possible pair of lines at least once to find the maximum trapped water area efficiently.

---
## Solution:
```Java
class Solution {
    public int maxArea(int[] height) {
        int max = 0;
        int left = 0;
        int right = height.length - 1;
        while(left < right){
            int sum = (right - left) * Math.min(height[left], height[right]);
            max = Math.max(max, sum);
            if(height[left] < height[right]){
                int curr = left;
                while(curr < right){
                    if(height[left] < height[curr]){
                        break;
                    }
                    else curr++;
                }
                left = curr;
            }
            else{
                int curr = right;
                while(left < curr){
                    if(height[right] < height[curr]){
                        break;
                    }
                    else curr--;
                }
                right = curr;                
            }
        }
        return max;
    }
}
```
Time complexity: O(n)  
Space complexity: O(1)
