## Question: 

You are given an array prices where prices[i] is the price of a given stock on the ith day.

You want to maximize your profit by choosing a single day to buy one stock and choosing a different day in the future to sell that stock.

Return the maximum profit you can achieve from this transaction. If you cannot achieve any profit, return 0.

Example 1:

Input: prices = [7,1,5,3,6,4]  
Output: 5  

Explanation: Buy on day 2 (price = 1) and sell on day 5 (price = 6), profit = 6-1 = 5.  
Note that buying on day 2 and selling on day 1 is not allowed because you must buy before you sell.

Example 2:

Input: prices = [7,6,4,3,1]  
Output: 0  

Explanation: In this case, no transactions are done and the max profit = 0.  
 
Constraints:

1 <= prices.length <= 105  
0 <= prices[i] <= 104  

---
## Thought:
We set two pointers to fulfill it. One is slow and the other is fast. If array.length == 1, we return 0 directly. The slow points at 
the first element and the fast points at the second one. We set result as 0. If the fast value is larger than the slow one, we calculate the 
discrepancy. If it is larger than the result, we renew the result. If the fast value is not larger than the slow, we renew the slow pointer to the 
fast one position. After that, we move fast to the next. Conduct the loop until the fast one finishes the traversal. Then we return the result.

---
## Solution:
```Java
class Solution {
    public int maxProfit(int[] prices) {
        if(prices.length == 1) return 0;
        int fast = 1, slow = 0;
        int result = 0;
        while(fast < prices.length){
            if(prices[fast] <= prices[slow]) slow = fast;
            else if(prices[fast] - prices[slow] > result) result = prices[fast] - prices[slow];
            fast++;
        }
        return result;
    }
}
```
Time complexity: O(n)  
Space complexity: O(1)
