## Question:

Given an input string s, reverse the order of the words.  

A word is defined as a sequence of non-space characters. The words in s will be separated by at least one space.  

Return a string of the words in reverse order concatenated by a single space.  

Note that s may contain leading or trailing spaces or multiple spaces between two words. The returned string should only have a single space separating the words. Do not include any extra spaces.  

Example 1:  

Input: s = "the sky is blue"  
Output: "blue is sky the"  

Example 2:  

Input: s = "  hello world  "  
Output: "world hello"  

Explanation: Your reversed string should not contain leading or trailing spaces.  

Example 3:  

Input: s = "a good   example"  
Output: "example good a"  

Explanation: You need to reduce multiple spaces between two words to a single space in the reversed string.  

Constraints:  

1 <= s.length <= 104  
s contains English letters (upper-case and lower-case), digits, and spaces ' '.  
There is at least one word in s.  

Follow-up: If the string data type is mutable in your language, can you solve it in-place with O(1) extra space?  

---
## Thought:
This Java code is designed to reverse the order of words in a given string s. First, it checks if the string length is 1, in which case it returns the string as there's nothing to reverse. The string is trimmed to remove any leading or trailing whitespace, and then split into words based on spaces using the regular expression \\s+, which matches one or more whitespace characters. This results in an array of words, splits. The code then uses a StringBuilder to append these words in reverse order, starting from the last word to the first. If there are more words to append, it adds a space after each word except for the last one in the new order. This method efficiently reverses the words while preserving the original spacing between words in terms of sequence but not extra spaces, making it suitable for strings with irregular spacing.

---
## Solution:
```Java
class Solution {
    public String reverseWords(String s) {
        if(s.length() == 1) return s;
        String[] splits = s.trim().split("\\s+");
        StringBuilder sb = new StringBuilder();
        for (int i = splits.length - 1; i >= 0; i--){
            sb.append(splits[i]);
            if (i > 0) {
                sb.append(" ");
            }
        }
        return sb.toString();
    }
}
```
Time complexity: O(n)  
Space complexity: O(n)
