## Question:

Given an integer array nums sorted in non-decreasing order, remove the duplicates in-place such that each unique element appears only once. The relative order of the elements should be kept the same. Then return the number of unique elements in nums.

Consider the number of unique elements of nums to be k, to get accepted, you need to do the following things:

Change the array nums such that the first k elements of nums contain the unique elements in the order they were present in nums initially. The remaining elements of nums are not important as well as the size of nums.
Return k.  
Custom Judge:

The judge will test your solution with the following code:

int[] nums = [...]; // Input array  
int[] expectedNums = [...]; // The expected answer with correct length

int k = removeDuplicates(nums); // Calls your implementation

assert k == expectedNums.length;  
for (int i = 0; i < k; i++) {  
    assert nums[i] == expectedNums[i];  
}  
If all assertions pass, then your solution will be accepted.  
 
Example 1:

Input: nums = [1,1,2]  
Output: 2, nums = [1,2,_]  

Explanation: Your function should return k = 2, with the first two elements of nums being 1 and 2 respectively.
It does not matter what you leave beyond the returned k (hence they are underscores).

Example 2:

Input: nums = [0,0,1,1,1,2,2,3,3,4]  
Output: 5, nums = [0,1,2,3,4,_,_,_,_,_]  

Explanation: Your function should return k = 5, with the first five elements of nums being 0, 1, 2, 3, and 4 respectively.
It does not matter what you leave beyond the returned k (hence they are underscores).
 
Constraints:

1 <= nums.length <= 3 * 104  
-100 <= nums[i] <= 100  
nums is sorted in non-decreasing order.  

---
## Thought: 
We use two pointers to fulfil the function. If the size of the array is 1, return 1 directly. If not, the slow pointer points at the 
first value and the fast one points at the second value. If the values pointed by both pointers are equal, we move the fast pointer. When
the fast one reaches the different value. We set the next value of the slow pointer as the different value and the slow pointer moves to 
the next. Conduct the loop until the fast pointer traverses the whole array.

---
## Solution:
```Java
class Solution {
    public int removeDuplicates(int[] nums) {
        if(nums.length == 1) return 1;
        int slow = 0, fast = 1;
        int result = 1;
        while(fast < nums.length){
            if(nums[fast] == nums[slow]){
                fast++;
            }
            else{
                nums[slow + 1] = nums[fast];
                result++;
                slow++;
            }
        }
        return result;
    }
}
```
Time complexity: O(n)  
Spaca complexity: O(1)
