## Question:

Given an integer array nums sorted in non-decreasing order, remove some duplicates in-place such that each unique element appears at most twice. The relative order of the elements should be kept the same.

Since it is impossible to change the length of the array in some languages, you must instead have the result be placed in the first part of the array nums. More formally, if there are k elements after removing the duplicates, then the first k elements of nums should hold the final result. It does not matter what you leave beyond the first k elements.

Return k after placing the final result in the first k slots of nums.  

Do not allocate extra space for another array. You must do this by modifying the input array in-place with O(1) extra memory.  

Custom Judge:  

The judge will test your solution with the following code:  

int[] nums = [...]; // Input array  
int[] expectedNums = [...]; // The expected answer with correct length

int k = removeDuplicates(nums); // Calls your implementation  

assert k == expectedNums.length;  
for (int i = 0; i < k; i++) {  
    assert nums[i] == expectedNums[i];  
}  
If all assertions pass, then your solution will be accepted.  

Example 1:

Input: nums = [1,1,1,2,2,3]  
Output: 5, nums = [1,1,2,2,3,_]  

Explanation: Your function should return k = 5, with the first five elements of nums being 1, 1, 2, 2 and 3 respectively.
It does not matter what you leave beyond the returned k (hence they are underscores).

Example 2:

Input: nums = [0,0,1,1,1,1,2,3,3]  
Output: 7, nums = [0,0,1,1,2,3,3,_,_]  

Explanation: Your function should return k = 7, with the first seven elements of nums being 0, 0, 1, 1, 2, 3 and 3 respectively.
It does not matter what you leave beyond the returned k (hence they are underscores).
 
Constraints:

1 <= nums.length <= 3 * 104  
-104 <= nums[i] <= 104  
nums is sorted in non-decreasing order.  

---
## Thought:
We use two pointers to traverse the array and a boolean variable shownTwice to check whether the current value is shown twice and its
default value is false. If the array size is 1, we return 1 directly. If not, the slow pointer points at the first value and the
fast one points at the second one. If the two values are equal and the shownTwice is falst, it means the fast one find the second show value
and we set the shownTwice true and set nums[slow + 1] as the current value (meaning the value shown twice) and move both pointers next. If the 
values are equal but shownTwice is true, it means the value is shown more than twice and we just renew the fast pointer until the value is 
different. When the fast pointer reaches the different value, we set nums[slow + 1] as the new value and renew both pointers and set the 
shownTwice as false. Conduct the loop until the fast pointer traverses the whole array. We return slow + 1 as the size of the new array.

---
## Solution: 
```Java
class Solution {
    public int removeDuplicates(int[] nums) {
        boolean shownTwice = false;        
        if(nums.length == 1) return 1;
        int slow = 0, fast = 1;
        while(fast < nums.length){
            if(nums[fast] != nums[slow]){
                nums[slow + 1] = nums[fast];
                slow++;
                fast++;
                shownTwice = false;
            }
            else if(nums[fast] == nums[slow] && !shownTwice){
                nums[slow + 1] = nums[fast];
                slow++;
                fast++;
                shownTwice = true;
            }
            else{
                fast++;
            }
        }
        return slow + 1;
    }
}
```
Time complexity: O(n)   
Space complexity: O(1)
