## Question:  

You are given two integer arrays nums1 and nums2, sorted in non-decreasing order, and two integers m and n, representing the number of elements in nums1 and nums2 respectively.

Merge nums1 and nums2 into a single array sorted in non-decreasing order.

The final sorted array should not be returned by the function, but instead be stored inside the array nums1. To accommodate this, nums1 has a length of m + n, where the first m elements denote the elements that should be merged, and the last n elements are set to 0 and should be ignored. nums2 has a length of n.

Example 1:

Input: nums1 = [1,2,3,0,0,0], m = 3, nums2 = [2,5,6], n = 3
Output: [1,2,2,3,5,6]  

Explanation: The arrays we are merging are [1,2,3] and [2,5,6].
The result of the merge is [1,2,2,3,5,6] with the underlined elements coming from nums1.  

Example 2:

Input: nums1 = [1], m = 1, nums2 = [], n = 0
Output: [1]  

Explanation: The arrays we are merging are [1] and [].
The result of the merge is [1].  

Example 3:

Input: nums1 = [0], m = 0, nums2 = [1], n = 1
Output: [1]  

Explanation: The arrays we are merging are [] and [1].
The result of the merge is [1].
Note that because m = 0, there are no elements in nums1. The 0 is only there to ensure the merge result can fit in nums1.
 

Constraints:

nums1.length == m + n  
nums2.length == n  
0 <= m, n <= 200  
1 <= m + n <= 200  
-109 <= nums1[i], nums2[j] <= 109  

Follow up: Can you come up with an algorithm that runs in O(m + n) time?

---
## Thought:
Since array num1 has extra spaces of size n, we can think reversely. We start traversing the two arrays from the end, set 
index i as m - 1 (actually largest number in array nums1), index j as n - 1 and index k as m + n - 1 (the end of array nums1).
We put the larger number of num1[i] and num2[j] into nums[k-1] and traverse both arrays backwards. When we completely traversed 
array nums2, we finished the loop because the rest of numbers in array num1 is sorted previously.

---
## Solution:
```Java
class Solution {
    public void merge(int[] nums1, int m, int[] nums2, int n) {
        int i = m - 1;
        int j = n - 1;
        int k = m + n - 1;
        while (j >= 0){
            if(i >= 0 && nums1[i] >= nums2[j]){
                nums1[k--] = nums1[i--];
            }
            else{
                nums1[k--] = nums2[j--];
            }
        }
    }
}
```
Time complexity: O(m + n)  
Space complexity: O(1)
