## Question:  

Your friend is typing his name into a keyboard. Sometimes, when typing a character c, the key might get long pressed, and the character will be typed 1 or more times.

You examine the typed characters of the keyboard. Return True if it is possible that it was your friends name, with some characters (possibly none) being long pressed.


Example 1:

Input: name = "alex", typed = "aaleex"
Output: true  

Explanation: 'a' and 'e' in 'alex' were long pressed.  

Example 2:

Input: name = "saeed", typed = "ssaaedd"
Output: false  

Explanation: 'e' must have been pressed twice, but it was not in the typed output.
 
Constraints:

1 <= name.length, typed.length <= 1000  
name and typed consist of only lowercase English letters.

---
## Thought:  
We set two index to track the name string and typed string and we have a char variable to store the previous character before the index of name. Since we start traversing both strings, if the current indexes match each other, we go to next characters and renew previous char variable. If not, we check if the previous char variable matches the index of typed string. If so, it means long pressed and just go to next character of typed string. If not, it means wrong typed characters and we return false. Keep tracking until one of the strings is completely traversed. If the name string is not traversed completely, we return false. If the typed string is not traversed completely, we keep traversing to check whether the rest characters matches the last letter of name string. If not, we return false.  

---
## Solution:  
```Java
class Solution {
    public boolean isLongPressedName(String name, String typed) {
        int length1 = name.length();
        int length2 = typed.length();
        int index1 = 0;
        int index2 = 0;
        char c1 = name.charAt(0);
        char c2 = typed.charAt(0);
        char previous = c1;
        while(index1 < length1 && index2 < length2){
            c1 = name.charAt(index1);
            c2 = typed.charAt(index2);
            if(c1 == c2){
                index1++;
                index2++;
                previous = c1;
            }
            else if(c2 == previous){
                index2++;
            }
            else{
                return false;
            }
        }
        while(index2 < length2){
            c2 = typed.charAt(index2);
            if(c2 != previous){
                return false;
            }
            index2++;
        }
        return index1==length1 && index2==length2;
    }
}
```
Time complexity: O(N+M)  
Space complexity: O(N+M)
