## Question:

There are n children standing in a line. Each child is assigned a rating value given in the integer array ratings.

You are giving candies to these children subjected to the following requirements:

Each child must have at least one candy.  
Children with a higher rating get more candies than their neighbors.  
Return the minimum number of candies you need to have to distribute the candies to the children.  

Example 1:

Input: ratings = [1,0,2]  
Output: 5  

Explanation: You can allocate to the first, second and third child with 2, 1, 2 candies respectively.

Example 2:

Input: ratings = [1,2,2]  
Output: 4  

Explanation: You can allocate to the first, second and third child with 1, 2, 1 candies respectively.  
The third child gets 1 candy because it satisfies the above two conditions.
 
Constraints:  

n == ratings.length  
1 <= n <= 2 * 104  
0 <= ratings[i] <= 2 * 104  

---
## Thought:
First we need to initialize the result as array.length because every kid needs to have at least 1 candy. Then we start to traverse 
the array. When the next value is equal to the current value, we go on. If not, we set currentpeak as 0. If larger, currentpeak add one and add it to the 
result. Keep doing until we reach the peak. If we reach the end of the array, just return result directly. If not getting larger, we set currentvalley as 0. 
If getting smaller, currentvalley add 1 and add it to the result. Keep doing it when the getting smaller stops. And then the result substract the minimal value 
of currentpeak and currentvalley because we assumed there are two peaks but the real situation is only one. Keep doing it until finishing the traversal.

---
## Solution: 
```Java
class Solution {
    public int candy(int[] ratings) {
        int n = ratings.length;
        int result = n;
        int i = 1;
        while(i < n){
            if(ratings[i] == ratings[i-1]){
                i++;
                continue;
            }

            int currentPeak = 0;
            while(i < n && ratings[i] > ratings[i-1]){
                currentPeak++;
                result += currentPeak;
                i++;
            }

            if(i == n) return result;
            
            int currentValley = 0;

            while(i < n && ratings[i] < ratings[i-1]){
                currentValley++;
                result += currentValley;
                i++;
            }

            result -= Math.min(currentValley, currentPeak);
        }
        return result;
    }
}
```
Time complexity: O(n)  
Space complexity: O(1)
