## Question:

Assume you are an awesome parent and want to give your children some cookies. But, you should give each child at most one cookie.  

Each child i has a greed factor g[i], which is the minimum size of a cookie that the child will be content with; and each cookie j has a size s[j]. If s[j] >= g[i], we can assign the cookie j to the child i, and the child i will be content. Your goal is to maximize the number of your content children and output the maximum number.  

Example 1:  

Input: g = [1,2,3], s = [1,1]  
Output: 1  

Explanation: You have 3 children and 2 cookies. The greed factors of 3 children are 1, 2, 3.   
And even though you have 2 cookies, since their size is both 1, you could only make the child whose greed factor is 1 content.  
You need to output 1.  

Example 2:  

Input: g = [1,2], s = [1,2,3]  
Output: 2  

Explanation: You have 2 children and 3 cookies. The greed factors of 2 children are 1, 2.   
You have 3 cookies and their sizes are big enough to gratify all of the children,   
You need to output 2.  
 
Constraints:  

1 <= g.length <= 3 * 104  
0 <= s.length <= 3 * 104  
1 <= g[i], s[j] <= 231 - 1  

---
## Thought:
We use greedy to do it.

The provided Java code solves the problem of finding the maximum number of content children given arrays of children's greed factors and cookie sizes. It uses a greedy algorithm with the following steps:  

Sort Arrays: Both the greed factors (g) and cookie sizes (s) are sorted to facilitate matching.  

Iterate with Two Pointers: Utilizes two pointers, gIndex for children and sIndex for cookies, to match cookies to children greedily.  

Match Making: If a cookie can satisfy a child according to the greed factor, the child is considered content, and the pointer moves to the next child.  

Result Computation: The process continues until either all children are content or all cookies are used. The count of content children is given by the position of the child pointer (gIndex).  

Return Value: The method returns the total number of content children.  

This approach efficiently maximizes the number of content children by always attempting to satisfy each child with the smallest possible cookie that meets the child's needs.  

---
## Solution:
```Java
class Solution {
    public int findContentChildren(int[] g, int[] s) {
        Arrays.sort(g);
        Arrays.sort(s);
        int gIndex = 0;
        int sIndex = 0;
        while(gIndex < g.length && sIndex < s.length){
            if(g[gIndex] <= s[sIndex]){
                gIndex++;
            }
            sIndex++;
        }

        return gIndex;
    }
}
```
Time complexity: O(nlogn)  
Space complexity: O(1)
