## Question:

Given a n * n matrix grid of 0's and 1's only. We want to represent grid with a Quad-Tree.  

Return the root of the Quad-Tree representing grid.  

A Quad-Tree is a tree data structure in which each internal node has exactly four children. Besides, each node has two attributes:  

val: True if the node represents a grid of 1's or False if the node represents a grid of 0's. Notice that you can assign the val to True or False when isLeaf is False, and both are accepted in the answer.  
isLeaf: True if the node is a leaf node on the tree or False if the node has four children.  
class Node {  
    public boolean val;  
    public boolean isLeaf;  
    public Node topLeft;  
    public Node topRight;  
    public Node bottomLeft;  
    public Node bottomRight;  
}  

We can construct a Quad-Tree from a two-dimensional area using the following steps:  

If the current grid has the same value (i.e all 1's or all 0's) set isLeaf True and set val to the value of the grid and set the four children to Null and stop.  
If the current grid has different values, set isLeaf to False and set val to any value and divide the current grid into four sub-grids as shown in the photo.  
Recurse for each of the children with the proper sub-grid.  

If you want to know more about the Quad-Tree, you can refer to the wiki.  

Quad-Tree format:  

You don't need to read this section for solving the problem. This is only if you want to understand the output format here. The output represents the serialized format of a Quad-Tree using level order traversal, where null signifies a path terminator where no node exists below.  

It is very similar to the serialization of the binary tree. The only difference is that the node is represented as a list [isLeaf, val].  

If the value of isLeaf or val is True we represent it as 1 in the list [isLeaf, val] and if the value of isLeaf or val is False we represent it as 0.  

Example 1:  

Input: grid = [[0,1],[1,0]]  
Output: [[0,1],[1,0],[1,1],[1,1],[1,0]]  

Explanation: The explanation of this example is shown below:  
Notice that 0 represents False and 1 represents True in the photo representing the Quad-Tree.  

Example 2:  

Input: grid = [[1,1,1,1,0,0,0,0],[1,1,1,1,0,0,0,0],[1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],[1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1],[1,1,1,1,0,0,0,0],[1,1,1,1,0,0,0,0],[1,1,1,1,0,0,0,0],[1,1,1,1,0,0,0,0]]  
Output: [[0,1],[1,1],[0,1],[1,1],[1,0],null,null,null,null,[1,0],[1,0],[1,1],[1,1]]  

Explanation: All values in the grid are not the same. We divide the grid into four sub-grids.  
The topLeft, bottomLeft and bottomRight each has the same value.  
The topRight have different values so we divide it into 4 sub-grids where each has the same value.  
Explanation is shown in the photo below:

Constraints:  
  
n == grid.length == grid[i].length  
n == 2x where 0 <= x <= 6   

---
## Thought:
We use divide and conquer to do it.

This Java code implements a solution for constructing a QuadTree from a given 2D binary grid. Here is a concise explanation of the design and logic:  

Design and Logic  

QuadTree Node Structure:  
Defined by a class Node that holds a boolean val indicating the value (true or false), a boolean isLeaf to determine if the node is a leaf, and references to its four children (topLeft, topRight, bottomLeft, bottomRight).  

Recursive Construction:  
The construct function initializes the construction process by calling the helper function for the entire grid.  
The helper function performs the main logic: it checks if all cells within the current grid section (defined by top-left corner (i, j) and width w) are the same. If true, it creates a leaf node with the corresponding value.  
If the cells are not the same, it recursively divides the grid into four quarters and constructs each quadrant as a child node.  

Base and Recursive Cases:  
The allSame function checks if all elements in the specified section of the grid are identical, serving as the base case for the recursion.  
If not all elements are the same, helper divides the area into four smaller sections, recursively applying the same logic to each to build the four child nodes of the current node.  

Node Creation:  
Nodes are created with appropriate values and children based on the content of the grid section they represent. Leaf nodes represent uniform sections, while internal nodes represent divided sections.  

Summary  
The approach efficiently divides and conquers the grid, applying the principles of QuadTree construction where each node represents either a uniform value over an area (as a leaf) or a subdivision (as an internal node). This solution is optimal for spatial data structures used in applications like image compression and manipulation.

---
## Solution:
```Java
/*
// Definition for a QuadTree node.
class Node {
    public boolean val;
    public boolean isLeaf;
    public Node topLeft;
    public Node topRight;
    public Node bottomLeft;
    public Node bottomRight;

    
    public Node() {
        this.val = false;
        this.isLeaf = false;
        this.topLeft = null;
        this.topRight = null;
        this.bottomLeft = null;
        this.bottomRight = null;
    }
    
    public Node(boolean val, boolean isLeaf) {
        this.val = val;
        this.isLeaf = isLeaf;
        this.topLeft = null;
        this.topRight = null;
        this.bottomLeft = null;
        this.bottomRight = null;
    }
    
    public Node(boolean val, boolean isLeaf, Node topLeft, Node topRight, Node bottomLeft, Node bottomRight) {
        this.val = val;
        this.isLeaf = isLeaf;
        this.topLeft = topLeft;
        this.topRight = topRight;
        this.bottomLeft = bottomLeft;
        this.bottomRight = bottomRight;
    }
}
*/

class Solution {
    public Node construct(int[][] grid) {
        return helper(grid, 0, 0, grid.length);
    }

    private Node helper(int[][] grid, int i, int j, int w) {
        if (allSame(grid, i, j, w)){
            return new Node(grid[i][j] == 1 ? true : false, true);
        }

        Node node = new Node(true, false);
        node.topLeft = helper(grid, i, j, w / 2);
        node.topRight = helper(grid, i, j + w / 2, w / 2);
        node.bottomLeft = helper(grid, i + w / 2, j, w / 2);
        node.bottomRight = helper(grid, i + w / 2, j + w / 2, w / 2);
        
        return node;
    }

    private boolean allSame(int[][] grid, int i, int j, int w) {
        for (int x = i; x < i + w; ++x){
            for (int y = j; y < j + w; ++y){
                if (grid[x][y] != grid[i][j]){
                    return false;
                }
            }
        }            
        return true;
    }
}
```
Time complexity: O(n<sup>2</sup> * logn)  
Space complexity: O(n<sup>2</sup>)
