## Question: 

Design a stack that supports push, pop, top, and retrieving the minimum element in constant time.

Implement the MinStack class:

MinStack() initializes the stack object.
void push(int val) pushes the element val onto the stack.
void pop() removes the element on the top of the stack.
int top() gets the top element of the stack.
int getMin() retrieves the minimum element in the stack.
You must implement a solution with O(1) time complexity for each function.

Example 1:

Input  
["MinStack","push","push","push","getMin","pop","top","getMin"]  
[[],[-2],[0],[-3],[],[],[],[]]

Output  
[null,null,null,null,-3,null,0,-2]

Explanation
MinStack minStack = new MinStack();  
minStack.push(-2);  
minStack.push(0);  
minStack.push(-3);  
minStack.getMin(); // return -3  
minStack.pop();  
minStack.top();    // return 0  
minStack.getMin(); // return -2  

Constraints:  

-231 <= val <= 231 - 1  
Methods pop, top and getMin operations will always be called on non-empty stacks.  
At most 3 * 104 calls will be made to push, pop, top, and getMin.

---
## Thought:
We use another stack called minStack to fulfil this fucntion. When newly pushed value is smaller than or equal to the current top value of minStack, 
we push the value into the minStack as well to keep the current top val of the minStack is alwasy the minimal value of the value in the stack. Also, when
the value poped from the stack is equal to the value of the top of the minStack, it means the minimal value has changed so we need to pop the minStack to renew
the current minimal value as well.

---
## Solution: 
```Java
class MinStack {

    private Stack<Integer> stack;
    private Stack<Integer> minStack;
 
    public MinStack() {
        stack = new Stack<>();
        minStack = new Stack<>();
    }
    
    public void push(int val) {
        stack.push(val);
        if(minStack.isEmpty() || minStack.peek() >= val){
            minStack.push(val);
        }
    }
    
    public void pop() {
        if(stack.pop().equals(minStack.peek())) {
            minStack.pop();
        }
    }
    
    public int top() {
        return stack.peek();
    }
    
    public int getMin() {
        return minStack.peek();
    }
}

/**
 * Your MinStack object will be instantiated and called as such:
 * MinStack obj = new MinStack();
 * obj.push(val);
 * obj.pop();
 * int param_3 = obj.top();
 * int param_4 = obj.getMin();
 */
```
Time complexity: O(1)  
Space complexity: O(n)
