## Question:

Implement a first in first out (FIFO) queue using only two stacks. The implemented queue should support all the functions of a normal queue (push, peek, pop, and empty).  

Implement the MyQueue class:  

void push(int x) Pushes element x to the back of the queue.  
int pop() Removes the element from the front of the queue and returns it.  
int peek() Returns the element at the front of the queue.  
boolean empty() Returns true if the queue is empty, false otherwise.  

Notes:  

You must use only standard operations of a stack, which means only push to top, peek/pop from top, size, and is empty operations are valid.  
Depending on your language, the stack may not be supported natively. You may simulate a stack using a list or deque (double-ended queue) as long as you use only a stack's standard operations.  

Example 1:  

Input  
["MyQueue", "push", "push", "peek", "pop", "empty"]  
[[], [1], [2], [], [], []]  
Output  
[null, null, null, 1, 1, false]  

Explanation  
MyQueue myQueue = new MyQueue();  
myQueue.push(1); // queue is: [1]  
myQueue.push(2); // queue is: [1, 2] (leftmost is front of the queue)  
myQueue.peek(); // return 1  
myQueue.pop(); // return 1, queue is [2]  
myQueue.empty(); // return false  

Constraints:  

1 <= x <= 9  
At most 100 calls will be made to push, pop, peek, and empty.  
All the calls to pop and peek are valid.  

Follow-up: Can you implement the queue such that each operation is amortized O(1) time complexity? In other words, performing n operations will take overall O(n) time even if one of those operations may take longer.  

---
## Thought:
We use two stacks to do it. One is inStack and the other is outStack. When doing push, we push the element into the inStack. When doing pop and peek, 
if outStack is empty, we add all the elements in the inStack into the outStack using pop(), and pop() or peek() the outStack. When doing empty, if both stacks are empty, we return true. 
Else we return false.

---
## Solution:
```Java
class MyQueue {

    private Stack<Integer> inStack;
    private Stack<Integer> outStack;

    public MyQueue() {
        inStack = new Stack<>();
        outStack = new Stack<>();
    }

    private void transfer(){
        while(!inStack.isEmpty()){
            outStack.push(inStack.pop());
        }
    }
    
    public void push(int x) {
        inStack.push(x);
    }
    
    public int pop() {
        if(outStack.isEmpty()){
            transfer();
        }
        return outStack.pop();
    }
    
    public int peek() {
        if(outStack.isEmpty()){
            transfer();
        }
        return outStack.peek();        
    }
    
    public boolean empty() {
        return inStack.isEmpty() && outStack.isEmpty();
    }
}

/**
 * Your MyQueue object will be instantiated and called as such:
 * MyQueue obj = new MyQueue();
 * obj.push(x);
 * int param_2 = obj.pop();
 * int param_3 = obj.peek();
 * boolean param_4 = obj.empty();
 */
```
Time complexity: O(1) (empty, push, pop and peek when outStack is not empty), O(n) (pop, peek when outStack is empty)  
Space complexity: O(n)
