## Question:

Given a pattern and a string s, find if s follows the same pattern.

Here follow means a full match, such that there is a bijection between a letter in pattern and a non-empty word in s. Specifically:

Each letter in pattern maps to exactly one unique word in s.  
Each unique word in s maps to exactly one letter in pattern.  
No two letters map to the same word, and no two words map to the same letter.  
 
Example 1:  

Input: pattern = "abba", s = "dog cat cat dog"  

Output: true  

Explanation:  

The bijection can be established as:  

'a' maps to "dog".  
'b' maps to "cat".  

Example 2:  

Input: pattern = "abba", s = "dog cat cat fish"  

Output: false  

Example 3:  

Input: pattern = "aaaa", s = "dog cat cat dog"  

Output: false  

Constraints:  

1 <= pattern.length <= 300  
pattern contains only lower-case English letters.  
1 <= s.length <= 3000  
s contains only lowercase English letters and spaces ' '.  
s does not contain any leading or trailing spaces.  
All the words in s are separated by a single space.  

---
## Thought: 
We use a hashmap to do it. First we divide the String with " " and we get a string array. If the current letter of pattern is not a key and
the current string is not a value, we put them into the hashmap. If is not a key but already has the value, we return false. If is a key but the 
related value is not the current string, we return false. After traversing the pattern, we return true.

---
## Solution:
```Java
class Solution {
    public boolean wordPattern(String pattern, String s) {
        String[] split = s.split(" ");
        if(pattern.length() != split.length) return false;
        Map<Character, String> map = new HashMap<>();
        for(int i = 0; i < pattern.length(); i++){
            if(!map.containsKey(pattern.charAt(i)) && !map.containsValue(split[i])){
                map.put(pattern.charAt(i), split[i]);
            }
            else if(!map.containsKey(pattern.charAt(i)) && map.containsValue(split[i])){
                return false;
            }
            else if(map.containsKey(pattern.charAt(i)) && !map.get(pattern.charAt(i)).equals(split[i])){
                return false;
            }
        }
        return true;
    }
}
```
Time complexity: O(n)  
Space complexity: O(n)
