## Question:

Given an array of positive integers nums and a positive integer target, return the minimal length of a subarray whose sum is greater than or equal to target. If there is no such subarray, return 0 instead.

Example 1:  

Input: target = 7, nums = [2,3,1,2,4,3]  
Output: 2  

Explanation: The subarray [4,3] has the minimal length under the problem constraint.  

Example 2:  

Input: target = 4, nums = [1,4,4]  
Output: 1  

Example 3:  

Input: target = 11, nums = [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1]  
Output: 0  

Constraints:  

1 <= target <= 109  
1 <= nums.length <= 105  
1 <= nums[i] <= 104  

Follow up: If you have figured out the O(n) solution, try coding another solution of which the time complexity is O(n log(n)).  

---
## Thought:
We use sliding window to do it. This Java code implements a sliding window approach to find the minimum length of a contiguous subarray in nums whose sum is at least target. It uses two pointers, slow and fast, to represent the window's boundaries. The fast pointer expands the window by moving right, adding to sum until it meets or exceeds the target. When sum is sufficient, it attempts to contract the window from the left by advancing the slow pointer, reducing sum and updating result with the current minimum length. The process repeats until the fast pointer has traversed the entire array. If no valid subarray is found, the function returns 0; otherwise, it returns the length of the shortest valid subarray.  

---
## Solution:
```Java
class Solution {
    public int minSubArrayLen(int target, int[] nums) {
        int slow = 0;
        int sum = 0;
        int result = Integer.MAX_VALUE;
        for(int fast = 0; fast < nums.length; fast++){
            sum += nums[fast];

            while(sum >= target){
                result = Math.min(result, fast - slow + 1);
                sum -= nums[slow];
                slow++;
            }
        }
        return result == Integer.MAX_VALUE ? 0 : result;
    }
}
```
Time complexity: O(n)  
Space complexity: O(1)
