## Question:

Suppose an array of length n sorted in ascending order is rotated between 1 and n times. For example, the array nums = [0,1,2,4,5,6,7] might become:  

[4,5,6,7,0,1,2] if it was rotated 4 times.  
[0,1,2,4,5,6,7] if it was rotated 7 times.  
Notice that rotating an array [a[0], a[1], a[2], ..., a[n-1]] 1 time results in the array [a[n-1], a[0], a[1], a[2], ..., a[n-2]].  

Given the sorted rotated array nums of unique elements, return the minimum element of this array.  

You must write an algorithm that runs in O(log n) time.  

Example 1:  

Input: nums = [3,4,5,1,2]  
Output: 1  

Explanation: The original array was [1,2,3,4,5] rotated 3 times.  

Example 2:  

Input: nums = [4,5,6,7,0,1,2]  
Output: 0  

Explanation: The original array was [0,1,2,4,5,6,7] and it was rotated 4 times.  

Example 3:  

Input: nums = [11,13,15,17]  
Output: 11  

Explanation: The original array was [11,13,15,17] and it was rotated 4 times.   
 
Constraints:  

n == nums.length  
1 <= n <= 5000  
-5000 <= nums[i] <= 5000  
All the integers of nums are unique.  
nums is sorted and rotated between 1 and n times.  

---
## Thought: 
We use binary search to do it. This Java code finds the minimum element in a rotated sorted array using a binary search. It starts by checking if the array has only one element, in which case it returns that element. It then uses two pointers, lo and hi, to determine the search range. The binary search narrows the search space by comparing the middle element with the high pointer element. If the middle element is less than the high pointer, the minimum is to the left, so the high pointer is moved to the middle. If not, the minimum is to the right, and the low pointer is shifted right past the middle. The search continues until the low pointer equals the high pointer, indicating the minimum element has been found.  

---
## Solution:
```Java
class Solution {
    public int findMin(int[] nums) {
        if(nums.length == 1) return nums[0];

        int lo = 0;
        int hi = nums.length - 1;

        while(lo < hi){
            int mid = lo + (hi - lo) / 2;
            if(nums[mid] < nums[hi]){
                hi = mid;
            }
            else{
                lo = mid + 1;
            }
        } 
        return nums[lo];
    }
}
```
Time complexity: O(logn)  
Space complexity: O(1)
