## Question:

You are given an integer array score of size n, where score[i] is the score of the ith athlete in a competition. All the scores are guaranteed to be unique.

The athletes are placed based on their scores, where the 1st place athlete has the highest score, the 2nd place athlete has the 2nd highest score, and so on. The placement of each athlete determines their rank:

The 1st place athlete's rank is "Gold Medal".  
The 2nd place athlete's rank is "Silver Medal".  
The 3rd place athlete's rank is "Bronze Medal".  
For the 4th place to the nth place athlete, their rank is their placement number (i.e., the xth place athlete's rank is "x").  
Return an array answer of size n where answer[i] is the rank of the ith athlete.  

Example 1:  

Input: score = [5,4,3,2,1]  
Output: ["Gold Medal","Silver Medal","Bronze Medal","4","5"]  
Explanation: The placements are [1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 5th].  

Example 2:  

Input: score = [10,3,8,9,4]  
Output: ["Gold Medal","5","Bronze Medal","Silver Medal","4"]  
Explanation: The placements are [1st, 5th, 3rd, 2nd, 4th].

Constraints:  

n == score.length  
1 <= n <= 104  
0 <= score[i] <= 106  
All the values in score are unique.  

---
## Thought:
We use a heap and a hashmap to do it. This solution ranks athletes based on their scores. It first stores each score with its index in a hash map and uses a max heap (PriorityQueue) to sort scores in descending order. Then, it iterates through the sorted scores, assigns medals to the top three, and assigns rank numbers (converted to strings) to the remaining athletes based on their positions. Finally, it returns the result array with the corresponding ranks.

---
## Solution:
```Java
class Solution {
    public String[] findRelativeRanks(int[] score) {

        Map<Integer, Integer> map = new HashMap<>();
        PriorityQueue<Integer> pq = new PriorityQueue<>(
            (a, b) -> b - a
        );
        for(int i = 0; i < score.length; i++){
            map.put(score[i], i);
            pq.add(score[i]);
        }

        String[] result = new String[score.length];

        for(int i = 0; i < score.length; i++){
            int num = pq.poll();
            int index = map.get(num);
            if(i == 0){
                result[index] = "Gold Medal";
            }
            else if(i == 1){
                result[index] = "Silver Medal";
            }
            else if(i == 2){
                result[index] = "Bronze Medal";
            }
            else{
                result[index] = Integer.toString(i + 1);
            }
        }

        return result;
    }
}
```
Time complexity: O(n)  
Space complexity: O(n)
